Nonce length is fixed (#42)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-aead-limits: draft-irtf-cfrg-aead-limits.md

used in IETF protocols, including: AEAD_AES_128_GCM {{!RFC5116}}, AEAD_AES_256_GCM {{!RFC5116}},
AEAD_AES_128_CCM {{!RFC5116}}, AEAD_CHACHA20_POLY1305 {{!RFC8439}}, AEAD_AES_128_CCM_8 {{!RFC6655}}.

These algorithms, as cited, all define a nonce length (r) of 96 bits.  Some
definitions of these AEAD algorithms allow for other nonce lengths, but the

> analyses used in this document all the same nonce length.  Using other nonce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
analyses in this document all fix the nonce length to r = 96.  Using other nonce
```
